feat(changelog): sql-databases-changed-sql-request-size-limit-increased- 2025-04-23 (#4875)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/april2025/2025-04-23-sql-databases-changed-sql-request-size-limit-increased-.mdx

---

> title: SQL request size limit increased to 1 MB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: SQL requests size limit increased to 1,024 KB for Serverless SQL Databases
```

status: changed
date: 2025-04-23
category: serverless
product: sql-databases
---

> SQL request size limit increased from 512 KB to 1 MB. Please note that response to the SQL query is not limited, and so results can exceed 1 MB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SQL requests size limit for Serverless SQL Databases increased from 512 KB to 1,024 KB. Note that responses to SQL queries are not limited in size, and can exceed 1,024 KB.
```

> SQL requests size limit for Serverless SQL Databases increased from 512 KB to 1,024 KB. Note that responses to SQL queries are not limited in size, and can exceed 1,024 KB.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The SQL request size limit for Serverless SQL Databases increased from 512 KB to 1,024 KB.
Note that responses to SQL queries are not limited in size and can exceed 1,024 KB.
```
